Woman and Man
The Time will arise
To lay down your Life
For all you think is Right...


[Verse 1]
Right here and now, is where it goes down
In the Underground, we didn't even hear a sound
When the top soil, began to boil, we were headed up
Tryin to touch the Surface, was the purpose, till they blew it up
And now we're stuck in the cracks, and the corners
And there's trouble in the City, what a pity...
Man conditions real shitty
We're drinking lead Water in the midst of a drought
We ain't really owning nothin', so we're killing over clout
Babies are starvin' in Mother's Womb, jails filled with hidden Tombs
Mental Novocain, but still the pain consumes
Bio-bug everywhere, planting seeds in your hair
Diabolical, your follicle's showin' where your at, it's a fact
They know where your goin' pin-point and exact
Should have did the Knowledge on Cocaine in Tylenol
But you were too worried about next years gear...
No Respect just Fear

[Chorus]
Woman and Man, the time will Arise
To lay down your Life, for all you think is Right
Children of Love, we all have the Key
To our Destiny, we'll have our Victory

[Verse 2]
Yo we're all disciples, no guns no rifles
In fact, we spread Love like scriptures in the Bible
The time is now for us to all break free...

Cuz we're living in the state of Emergency
And the Power struggle got us lost in the rubble
I thought they said all men were all Equal
How is that, when now a days, this is something you can buy
And most are unaware that we're living in a Lie
The Poor get shunned, the Rich man's hailed
Now ask yourself, "Is this Heaven or Hell?"
With missiles pointed in East, North, West, South
And Man versus Man, boy, what's that all about?
Just a New World system, where your mind is the prison
And you're trapped like the eyes to a Tel-Lie=Vision
If we don't stop now, and heed to the call
Yo we're all bound to fall!
...
And as I lay in my bed, with my hands on my head
An Angel called out to me, and this is what he said...
...

[Verse 3]
Here's a message to all who will
Heed the call, and stand for what's real
If we ain't ready, it's time we get so
Only God knows when this world's gonna blow
Nation been long risin' against fellow Nation
For the profit of a concrete plantation
False doctrine still persuades by guilt and Fear...

But fear not, for our Redemption is here

[Chorus]
Woman and Man, the time will Arise
To lay down your Life, for all you think is Right
Children of Love, we all have the Key
To our Destiny, we'll have our Victory (repeat)