(Intro)
You're on air
Aw man, there goes that record again
Yeah, that's new by Busy Bee, that's that Suicide joint
Word! You mean he be rockin it "When I was a..."
Yeah! that's the one he be rockin'
Homeboys I'm getting ready to dedicate this one to you
And to all you sucka guys, you know what time it is
Break it down Jay!

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
(I'm bout to kick the flavor, c'mon now)
Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, you just committed suicide
(Gather round now, I'm bout to kick the flavor)
(Alright here it go)

(Verse 1)
Guess what! When I was a young boy, up in the South Bronx
I never carried a gun, was knocking out chumps
Punks, all faggots, plus sissies and creeps
You get in my face jack, I'll lay you out in the streets
With no weapons ya'll, not a chain or a bat
But I'll slap you upside ya head like my hand was your hat
You see so many have tried, many have died
And if you mess with Busy Bee, you might as well commit suicide

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, you just committed suicide
Not a homicide, but a suicide

(Verse 2)
The champion of knowledge, wisdom, understanding
If this was spoken then you all would throw your hand it
If rap was a crime, the rhyme would be libel
If rap was a book, then my mouth would be the bible
My rhymes are crescendo, a verbal assault
Talk it up, innuendo, but it's not my fault
By no means commercial, highly controversial
No practice or rehearsal, you mess with me I hurt you
I slay you in the mud, you dud, with no trouble
And bathe in your blood, I get with Mr. Bubble
Use the scar for a pillow and at the end of the day
Just like Calgon, they have to take you away
I'm gonna bury your remains in six feet up soil
You're looking kinda rusty, boy you need some oil
Your family is sad, your family cried
Cuz you messed with Busy Bee so you just committed suicide

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, you just committed suicide
Not a homicide, but a suicide

(Verse 3)
I...was...walking down the street mindin' my own biz
The MCs didn't know what time it is
After the battle, the boy just cried
I said you was better off if you just commit suicide
Paid with your life and fought Mike Tyson
Pour rap poison with your beans and rice
And got bit by a rat or hit by a bat
Go smoke some crack, you already tried that
Jump off a plane, fall out the train
Call my mama names you must be insane
Go wrestle alligators in the Everglades
Go sleep with somebody who just caught AIDS
Let a pit bull bite you, let me dynamite you
Swim in gasoline and let my homeboy light you
Drink some arsenic or sip some cyanide
Or mess with me and you will commit suicide!

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, you just committed suicide
Not a homicide, but a suicide

(I'm getting ready to kick a little favor now, lay down the law)

(Verse 4)
Rip somebody off is a robbery
Breaking in their house is the burglary
Stealing their car is grand larceny
Lying in court is perjury
Selling your body is prostitution
Got to go to court just to find a solution
Killing somebody is a homicide
But if you mess with me that's stone cold suicide

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, then you just committed suicide
My name is Busy Bee and I'll never lie

(Let's break it down now, let's clap my hands to the beat, let's go, let's see)

Go Busy! Go Busy Bee! Go Busy! Go Busy Bee! Go Busy!  (repeats)

Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide
You mess with me, then you just committed suicide
Ss-su-su-su-suu-suu-suicide

Yo Black, Troy, K-Dog, Stevie D
Yo James, this is for you! Hey Teron! Family!
Stone City! Get Busy!