[Verse 1: Cise Star]
Spanish
Fly line for line as I’m ripping the rhyme.  Precise
Styles and Akin Yai now, we be the CYNE, showing
You hope out of life’s slippery slopes
Adolescent teens turn from God and raise coke—that ain’t
The answer.  Stress of the world giving me cancer
But fuck that.  Moving through streets like Black Panther
The world stands still, black youth living in landfill
No way to pay the bill so it’s now kill or be killed
But that mind state is irate, raising up all the crime rates
We need to sit back, let the mind revelate
Regulate hate of self and get immaculate wealth
Releasing your delf, pull that knowledge off of the shelf ‘cause

[Hook: Cise Star] (x2)
Life ain’t no crystal stair, we’re just here
Ignorance is on the rise and niggas just don’t care
Ain’t fair how we living, money is just spending
We need to slow down and meditate for a minute

[Verse 2: Akin]
I let
My light beam, dodging and weaving life’s scheme.  Meet
The mic fiend—I’m assassinating pipedreams, hunger
For war.  A revolution’s at your door.  “When
Can we all just get along?” sounds boring
We want freedom, real freedom, that’s all there
For one, me and my comrades, we’re here to blast off.  My shots
Echo, echo, echo, echo
Echo.  I’m bringing it back like retro
‘Cause centuries of memories I can’t let go
Most of y’all heard of us, the Jim Crow murderers
Black activist with a black active fist
Ignorant fools catch a back slap and fist
It’s been a long time.  CYNE, we shouldn’t left you
You’re without a conscious rhyme to step to
Just pop it in your Sony and all Babylonians
Behold this son of a gun that’s not phony and

[Hook: Cise Star] (x2)
Life ain’t no crystal stair, we’re just here
Ignorance is on the rise and niggas just don’t care
Ain’t fair how we living, money is just spending
We need to slow down and meditate for a minute

[Verse 3: Cise Star and Akin Yai]
[Cise Star]
As I walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, I side-
-step ‘cause you never know when your time is next, so
I’ll calculate my thoughts and put ‘em on cassette
So my future seeds can hear me on tracks I bless.  Nevertheless
I’ll progress against darkness
A one-man army without the use of technology
Quite possibly, my words spawn philosophy
But philosophical thoughts scheme and can’t follow me
[Akin]
Nothing’s pretty and Akin spread love without Hasideans
Westerners are trying to be God like Branch Davidians
I can’t respect that.  My mind just neglect that
Bullshit.  I’ll bring this fist with the full clip
I can’t tire.  With God, I plan higher
I started civil war, Confederates catch fire ‘cause

[Interlude]
It’s a cold world.  This is a paradise, boy

[Hook: Cise Star] (x2)
Life ain’t no crystal stair, we’re just here
Ignorance is on the rise and niggas just don’t care
Ain’t fair how we living, money is just spending
We need to slow down and meditate for a minute