[Intro: Sample with Scratches by DJ Slice]
“Hey”

[Hook: Baybe]
Perfect combination
Ain’t no other relationship
Like this
I know we’re gonna last forever

[Verse 1: Phantasm]
At the edge of my bed
I sit back and reminisce
Long talks and walks and also your soft kiss
We went shopping at Macy’s, skating at
Lacey’s.  Cut off all my dime pieces, even thick
Stacey.  Thinking in this rental, blasting instrumentals
How we first met was all on my mental
It was at Great Adventure, the Batman Ride
Thought I was deaded ‘cause, first, this fat man tried
The sun beaming, federations scheming
But you was clocking Dibiase—must have been daydreaming
Waiting on line, wishing she was all mine
Shooting the gift, exchanged digits, the whole nine
Spent about $850 in Atlantic City
After you, boo, my attitude is real sh…

[Verse 2: U.G.]
Scenery sunny, Act One near a money machine
Jumped out the cream Lex with the jets, she rocked a black tennis
Skirt with Stan Smiths, about a size six
Jewels, chinky eyes, long hair, bow-legged, her thighs
Was thick like she ran track.  For what it’s worth
Shorty was made from the best things on this Earth.  Like
A Snapple, I wanted to drink her to quench my thirst
Jumped in the coupe and threw my joint in reverse
Hey, boo, I was watching you.  (“I was watching you”)
Here’s my number (“True”).  Call me at the crib at two

[Hook: Baybe]
Perfect combination
Ain’t no other relationship
Like this
I know we’re gonna last forever

[Verse 3: Phantasm]
Ayyo
Tell me what went wrong to make me write this song.  Used to
Have it going on, our feelings was so strong
Your age 26, my number one draft pick
From all the rest, got first dibs plus your own crib
You just flew back in town (From where, son?) from Dallas
And said she wants the Tall Man to come to her palace
I’m over there tonight to watch the Bulls catch licks from
The Knicks, and, at halftime, I watch Rod Strick’s
Get biz and izm.  I feel lucky to shoot the jizm in her
Triangular prism, and that’s the realism
(Where does she live, kid?)  Out in Bed-Stuy  (Do-or-Die?)
Come on now, baby, ‘cause I’m packing

[Verse 4: U.G.]
I got
The phone call at two.  (“It’s me, boo.”)  Oh
She said, (“You know, why don’t you come to the crib, where we could
Wine and dine and relax on the low
And drink Mo’?  By the way, I just saw your video”)
Yeah, true.  I’m coming through—give me a hour
Jumped out the shower and buried my body in baby powder
Dipped wears plus my hair smells like Nexus
(Oo-oo-oo) Yo, I jump into the Lexus on
The highway.  It’s a Friday, can’t wait to see her
I picked up two slices from the local pizzeria

[Hook: Baybe]
Perfect combination
Ain’t no other relationship
Like this
I know we’re gonna last forever

[Verse 5: Cella Dwellas]
[Phantasm]
Got to
The crib about 8, she told me, “Wait in the living room
Be back real soon.”  On HBO tonight is Platoon
Laid back in this recliner, sex on my minder
Playing Pitty Pat, watching Fritz the Cat
[U.G.]
Whip in
The driveway, I threw on the club, playing Nas “One Love”
Drinking Olde E.  She told me her address
Was double-0-3.  I slowly walked up
The steps and rung her back bell, talking on my cell
[Phantasm]
I skated to the back.  I see Black Knights and smell Fahrenheit
That’s when shorty took flight
[U.G.]
What’s the
Deal, fam?  What’s the real plan?  Shorty flashed
Knocking over trash like she was running a 40-yard
Dash.  Let’s hit the club and start from scratch
‘Cause all I wanted us to be was the perfect match

[Bridge: Baybe]
Perfect combination
We’re a perfect combination
Perfect combination
We’re a perfect combination

[Outro: Sample with Scratches by DJ Slice]
“Hey”