Cella Dwellas - “Worries”
[Emcee(s): Phantasm and U.G.]
[Producer(s): Gatman]
[Sample (Multiple Elements): Stan Getz - “Here’s That Rainy Day” (2:22)]

[Hook: Cella Dwellas]
Trouble again when The Dwellas
Performing
Worries again when The Dwellas come
Skating.  Hey!

[Verse 1: Phantasm]
Ayyo
It’s the Tall Man from the group The Cella Dwellas
I rock rough and stuff, but no afro puff
Y’all better start learning.  To whom it’s concerning:
My style makes niggas vexed like Mississippi Burning.  All these
Wack emcees trying to be O-Dog and Menace II
Society, at my shows, eyeing me—that’s when I get
Possessed by the gods like Raiden.  The Panamanian
Tasmanian, AKs like an Arabian
Move the lady and the baby, and I get kind of crazy and
Shady, and when I flex the .380 and
Niggas got no wins.  Crush ‘em like Wheat Thins
Peace to all the shorties that ever hit me off with skins
When I’m fed, there’s bloodshed by the liter.  No
Impala, 850 Coupe a two-seater
And mira, mira, man, don’t sleep. One love
To my all peeps that rest in peace

[Verse 2: U.G.]
Ayyo, hey
My four-pound blows foes down from the rooftop
Stay in “Trouble” like 2Pac, pack two Glocks
With dum-dums and hollow tips.  Some swallow shit, others
Get grazed, others burn and causing a blaze
Bruh.  Under Ground gets down for his or blind
Kids by putting Krazy Glue on their eyelids, so
Act like po’ and get low when you hear
The ch-ch blow-blow or the “boo-yah!”  Bring it to your
Chest, hit your cardiac muscle.  Where’s the party at?
Hustle a bus stop, the rest stop, might come from MTA
Many men bit dust when the MAC spit
When the track hits, the DAT split from the fat shit

[Hook: Cella Dwellas] (x2)
Trouble again when The Dwellas
Performing
Worries again when The Dwellas come
Skating.  Hey!

[Verse 3: Phantasm]
You better prepare
For warfare in the Brooklyn streets, don’t
Big up your chest or fake jacks ‘cause MACs
Is what I run to, then gun through
Bodies, niggas die for cash, cause is hotties
Gotti’s the Italian stallion I wanna be like
Me and U.G. ride tracks like ninja bikes
Watch your ass, fruit cake.  Cella Dwellas lurking
Name ain’t Anthony, but the shank is still Perkin’
Out my boots, got mad troops in my ride
I want a sunroof and stash place to make a gun poof
From the keystone cops who get no props for these
Soldier toys, trying to be rough like corduroys
If you want the drama, caps get peeled like that
It’s real like that for crab niggas who squeal like that
And chit-chat behind my back and lie bare-faced
Them kind of tricks I wait to vict’ on the staircase

[Verse 4: U.G.]
Yo
Show Bad News like The Bears
“Where’s My Homiez?” like Ill and Al.  My killer
Style gets the checks (Checks) so I can pay the bills (Bills)
To get the deals (Deals), run up in chicks named Beverly
Hills, 9-0-2-1-0, the duo
Dynamic, so push the panic
Button.  How U.G. be the emcee you can’t
See like the Muppet Babies’ nanny
The man be sticking niggas for grands
“You shouldn’t be walking in the dark alley, man,” like Chris
Tucker, Schick razor in the wristband
Riff and I’ll open your nostrils like Dristan
Box, so stop the screwing (What?!?) and bad looks (Looks)
Don’t tempt me to let the four-four empty

[Hook: Cella Dwellas]
Trouble again when The Dwellas
Performing
Worries again when The Dwellas come
Skating.  Hey!

[Outro: Phantasm]
Cella Dwellas in the house!  You’re now gonna die!  We’re coming correct every time!  Ninety… haha, nine… ’95!  Cella Dwellas coming through.  What you gonna do when we’re coming for you?  Haha, ha, gotta laugh