[Intro]
Sit your ass back down, man, who you fightin'?
Actin' like that shit gon' solve your problems
These bad bitches ain't lookin' for your kindness
I don't even got my driver's license
All my friends got New Year's resolutions
Why you still the same? Lil' bitch, it's already November
Got so many nights that turned upside-down in my camera
Sleepin' just to get a little pause from all this

[Verse 1]
Noise up in my temple, close my eyes, for 10 more motherfuckin' minutes
Beg your pardon, am I in your way?
Well, I don't give no fuck now
Saw you switchin' up months in advance, you lost my trust now
I just made a new friend, she don't call me 'less we fuckin'
Crazy how the days pass you by
We get lost in findin' ourselves
Forget the way home, forget what is wrong and right
But thick and thin, you know we gon' fight
(We gon' fight, we gon' fight)
All my brodies ride with me 'til the end
If it's problems, then just girl, tell me what's the issue
They talk about wantin' change
But they know they still gon' ask why you tryna be new
You swear that she ridin' with you
But tell me, why she be riding me too?
The smell of rosewater mist on her face
It got me cursed, baby, now I can't move

[Chorus]
It's 2 A.M. in Gold Coast
What time is it there? Send me a text, girl
Tell me how you been
Just help me think about somethin' else

[Post-Chorus]
Sit your ass back down, man, who you fightin'?
Actin' like that shit gon' solve your problems
These bad bitches ain't lookin' for your kindness
I don't even got my driver's-

[Verse 2]
Over second guessin', I don't know, I just can't help it
I can't keep on bein' friendly, I cannot trust anybody
Where was you when I needed you the most? Don't call me friend
You never showed up, the only time you hear my voice is on the radio now
All the rules were meant to be broken
When I come back, let's fuck on the tarmac
Don't see a room, let's get this shit open
Wait for me, and then I'ma go in
Left hand on you, right on the Trojan
Baby, I just want you to be on it
Way too old to do the friendzonin', ayy (Friendzonin')
Sleepin' on me, you knew that you not supposed to
Flowin' just like Luda on the track
I'm livin' large, I got a vision, she look like a vixen
Man, don't be startin' shit we both know you cannot finish
(F is for forgiveness)
Changin' up my fate, shoutout goes to 88
You know we not playin' safe, I got papers in the safe
My ears don't need no cables, all love, I'm not a hater
Found my love in Asia, she always lift my face up (My face up)

[Chorus]
It's 2 A.M. in Gold Coast
What time is it there? Send me a text, girl
Tell me how you been
Just help me think about somethin' else