[Boog Brown]

I'm on my knuckles for this hustle got the mind and the muscle neva stumble movin majorly. Baby gotta pay me for the steamin 16 leave em leanin like the Pisa Tower- Power in my focus, devour like the locust any jokers on approach and let em know we takin over
There is no competition leave u wishin we would end it but this is business we ain't stopping till we finish. Cats bitter black licorice, neva been another like her to inspire writers leavin biters in my wake. Take those, stack pesos by the case loads, you ain't know? Don’t rhyme for dap go get ya passport stamped
Granted u can't stand it, hit the pavement go and canvas for them votes im in the lab hittin dope notes. U can go and quote it only if ya scope is focused. I keep the potion potent, its all fluid motion. Got outta my dreams got into my car im ocean
And im slicker than ya average Boogies a savage. Leave u tossin turning atop ya mattresses. All im givin is my ass to kiss, gone miss me with that bullshit bitch. Runnin them gums like u toothless its useless new and improved this is
Juice on the rooftop the crème de la crème. Action who u askin right? Pack light baby style tight ever since I picked up a mic. Send em swingin like medallions bring the battalion it’s the- black stallion wilding throw them towels in. basic bitches and niggas get it heavy
School u on some legendry shit, check out my melody. A heapin helping of high regard, I evolve and im seein thru u my nigga it seems it’s all mirage, ur a fraud. Odd u call urself an emcee when half the shit u say in ya music u don’t believe- nigga please!
U ain't got shit for me. Funny how u brag when ur actions don’t match ya story you bore me. Too many gangsta flicks and magazine clips, too many bitches on material shit, too many niggas on the next man dick all in the pic on some groupie shit. Muthafuckas got it twisted
Talk more than u listen, just starving for attention like a little kid, soak it all in so u can emulate. Then turn around and hate the shit I create. U a phoney a fake, a fan, a pussy, a stan- Lowly as a snake in the grass u all trash and im done with it. Me and Apollo bouta run shit. So come and get it if u tough enough to fuck with it. U can't touch this grind this shine nigga. So keep ya day job we mobbin thru to take ours. What…

[hook]

It’s a universal power shift
Underground progressive shit
Ubiquitous progress sustained
Undeniable poignant, simply
Unapologetic- Passionate status
Unclassifiable- prosper -save
Underhanded politics snatchin
Up paper unabashed. Pure, supreme
Unmatched positively solid
Unbelievable power, shine!!