[Intro]
Hahahaha
You remember what they used to call it, mayne?
(What they call it?)
You know what I'm sayin', they used to call it "ignaore"
You know what I'm sayin'?
But it's the new millennium now, mayne
We on that num num juice
Hahaha (Num num?)
Know what I'm talkin' about? (Dig that?)
Ya hear me?
It's goin' down

[Verse 1]
Pass me the California broccoli
Let me hit it once or twice, you ain't gotta be watchin' me
Niggas already know it don't take that much for me
Damn, this shit's some 'dro, got me fucked up automatically
Stopped at a L-I-Q, gotta get me some num num juice
Paul Masson, a moo cow, Rémy and a Grey Goose
Talkin' that shit, gettin' bent playin' dominoes
I'ma set it off, lemme call a few of these freaky hoes (Freaky hoes)
Got some hoes on the way, when they smoke and drink, it's on
One hour later here they come, which one I'ma bone?
Right away they pop the 'quila, sippin' on some alcohol
Now they dancin' freaky like they knew this was a booty call
Super-cool, super-straight, fuck flick on TV
If they ain't down with it then this is they chance to leave
But they all hot and horny, ready and they willin', too
It's a freaky episode, compliments of num num juice

[Chorus]
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
When I'm on that Hen-dawg (I'm on that num num juice)
When I'm full of that Grey Goose (I'm on that num num juice)
Rémy VSOP (I'm on that num num juice)
Empty bumpy-face bottle (I'm on that num num juice)

[Verse 2]
Al Kapeezy, yeah, that's me, shinin' with my gold teeth
Hangin' in the club, feel the vib' and it's my two-way freak
Said she in the club with her kin and her friends, too
After the club close wanna know what we gon' get into
Afterparty at the crib with my nigs, you know the deal
Back to the bar for num num juice, buckets how I fuckin' feel
Drankin' on some Rémy straight (You cool?) Yeah, ho, I'm straight
Wantin' me to buy her drank, okay, sit right here and wait
Ain't no trizzick in my blood, you ain't 'bout to show no love
Guess you thinkin' I'm a scrub, it ain't like y'all was gon' fuck
I don't give a damn and right about now I'm off the wham
A to the L-K-A-T-R-A-Z, yeah, that's my fam
Sick Wid It H-O-G, down to the day I D-I-E
E-Feezy, Fonzareez, the one that really believed in me
So I gotta do it, dawg, never slow or take a pause
If you like to get fucked up, I'll make this one here for y'all

[Chorus]
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
I'm on that num num juice, I'm on that num num juice
When I'm on that Erk & Jerk (I'm on that num num juice)
You see that Tanqueray bottle? (I'm on that num num juice)
Crown Royal, purple bag (I'm on that num num juice)
Can't forget the Belvedere (I'm on that num num juice)
Nigga, get that Absolute (I'm on that num num juice)
A whole case of Moët (I'm on that num num juice)
Can't forget the Cristal (I'm on that num num juice)
Old school Mad Dog (I'm on that num num juice)
Paul Masson and Mudslide (I'm on that num num juice)
What about that Grand Marnier? (I'm on that num num juice)
Uh, Burnett's Gin (I'm on that num num juice)
I'm on that num num juice (I'm on that num num juice)

[Outro]
Ya heard?
Yeah
That num num juice
Anythang that have ya body on numb
You talkin' real slurrish
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? But you feel real good
That's that num num juice
They used to call it "ignaore" back in the day
But it's the new millennium, baby
Ya boy Al Kapeezy
E-Feezy Fonzareezy
Know what I'm talkin' about?
We on that num num juice, that num num juice
Num num juice