[Chorus]
The mark of the beast, the mark of the beast
Never ever ever take the mark of the beast
The mark of the beast, the mark of the beast
Never ever ever take the mark of the beast

[Bridge: Mondo]
The devil, the devil's gonna try to stop the track
Keep on coming back man. Keep on coming back
The devil, the devil's gonna try to stop the track
Gotta hold him back man gotta gold him back

[Verse 1: Vex]
The devil sees the world as a girl from the back:
Eying, sighing, dying to get a crack at the middle
So he kicks a quick little riddle
She knows he's got game but she lets him feel and fiddle
Her name's Earth, once a virgin but now demons got her split
And Lucifer is next, to give the stunt a hit
Got her moms to eat the evil apple back in the day
Now he's got Earth bending in the 69'll slay
The seed is in position, so he flips her in the mission
Now her numbers 66 and he getting off his kicks
He can't reach the climax for the shot of the sun
Antichrist traveling through the tract of his gun
He thinks of the sex, and the "E" becomes an "I."
So now there's three 6's, and it's time for Earth to die
She's addicted to the evil...a frick to say the least
And now she's giving birth to the mark of the beast

[Verse 2: Mondo]
Now the seed is growing. flowing down the uterus or the core
Making the Earth hun-gr-y; making the hooker want some more
Causing devilish offspring fighting the message that we bring
Defeating lives. Striving on the many souls that can sing
Hysteria, living in the area of strictly triple 6
You need the mark to buy your food, clothes, and kicks
Niggas pick 6, and live inside reflections of their flicks
No looking back. I know you feel the track my baby stick
It's gonna be the nation under one groove. The world under one move
The christian followers temporarily lose
But only in the in grill cause there's still more to fill my brother
I tear as I watch the Devil's baby kill my mother
Must I walk alone? There's just too many stones in my path
I can't stand the rain. I feel the pain as he laughs
I can't stand the rain. I feel the pain as he laughs
I can't stand the rain. I feel the pain s he laughs

[Chorus] (x2)

[Bridge]
The Devil, the Devil's gonna try to cut the track
He can't hold us back. He can't pull us back
The Devil, the Devil's gonna try to cut the track
Here come the next attack man here comes the next attack, see?

[Verse 3: Mondo]
I hope my faith is strong enough to withstand until the ending
I'd really like to see this burn in the second sending
The world is so dark all my friends have the mark
Cause nobody understands the consequences lies at heart
I'd rather feel it now, cause life is temporary
Pain is but a minute, but eternal death is never finished
Niggas know I've never been the one to follow ill behavior
I'll never get the mark. I'm just to smart. I know the flavor
It's the final test for the frontier. N' the municipal
Is independent in the strength from the individual
Voyage into Revelations 13 for a story
Must unite and do what's right. Don't receive the mark

[Verse 3: Ves]
Now the rapture has come, and all the good in Earth has gone
Satan's in the skin on the regular that's born
Antichrist is driving the insane. Is he sadistic?
One bad baby rising hell, the Devil's misfit
He's growing up fast and getting worse with age
Manifesting Revelations page by scary page
Deceiving all the people left behind in the dark
Controlled by the beast as he's giving out the mark

[Chorus] (x2)