Braintax - Syriana Style

I don't care for illegal wars then again I don't care for them legal wars (either/or)
Bush and his evil claws, Tony Blair and his smugness, sense of aboveness
Patronise me I'll tell you straight
We need to speak out more there's too much hate
We need to speak out and control our fate
You see I make that dough plus I make y'all wait on baited breath
("Yo Brains is next!")
See our leaders are lying that’s why I’m vexed
See: TV’s shit that’s why I’m vexed so don’t be looking confused like "Why’s he vexed?"
Plain to see not your average guy see I verbalise dreams Syriana Style
Oil men tugging on puppet strings and the news is skewed it’s a load of spin
British soldiers beat up kids and the media is like ‘it’s just a few bad apples’
Please! Soldiers are like the police, a big gang of bullies that you can’t police
But the media is like "They need our support!" Fuck that man get them thugs to court!
All the gang and the boss as well or we’re all gonna pay for the cost of hell
See - Middle East kids watch Al-Jazeera, from where they stand it’s a whole lot clearer:
Colonisers once again, access to the oil now count to 10…
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 time’s flying, when the oil is done
Better get yourself an electric car, Bush blocked the investment in that so far
Cause he’s Texas born, he’s a Texas man
To the HumVee drivers the Lexus fans:
You don’t need them big machines for the shopping or the school run
That’s obscene!

[Bush clip]
And as we and our coalition partners are doing in Afghanistan, we will bring to the Iraqi people food and medicines and supplies -- and freedom
[/Bush clip]

Do I think too much? Can we party all night and still give a fuck?
Tell you why I don’t wave the flag: cause we’re arrogant enough no need to brag
Got a base in the Falklands, base in Kuwait, base in Korea cause we’re friends with the States
Little me I got bass for your face, how we prop up regimes is a big disgrace
Don’t forget what our government does
When we all go abroad it reflects on us
Sitting in a beach, sitting in a club, loud-arse Brits in an English pub
Man I’m amazed that we still get love when we’re punching the world with American gloves
Camp Delta, Guantanamo Bay – good cop bad cop is the role-play
Those are real men don’t forget
Locked up no charge 4 years and counting
And the pressure ain’t really mounting cause you media bods wanna keep your jobs
And you radio knobs wanna keep your jobs
And the good DJs get nighttime slots
It’s a load of crap, like planes made them two towers collapse
Like that? Straight down? You’re mad!
When we’re old and grey kids’ll be like "Mum! Dad! Surely Bush and Co. were the enemy?"
Same way no one believes these days Oswald killed Kennedy
Change foreign policy the remedy
This was a war about energy supply
It weren’t about "terror," that’s a goddamn lie
And it’s even been proved that our leader’s lied
The war on terror’s racism in disguise
And we still don’t vote when foreigners die

[George Galloway clip]
And we have to keep restating these points because the media is determined to avoid them even now. This war was based on a pack of lies. From A to Z. From the first to the last, it was based on a pack of lies. There were no weapons of mass destruction. There was no link between Iraq and the atrocities on 9/11. There was no connection...
[/George Galloway clip]