Dis one, different from anything you ever heard before
Dis one new style that 2 live crew for the rockin dread
For the natty dread right come follow me now

Come follow me baby a couple of minutes in ya
Come follow me baby, come follow me baby now
Say me I gotta girl because she like to suck my dicky
Me I got to get it and I know her name is Nicky
It's a little bitch and she know she no good
It's a hoey bitch live in the neighborhood
She hoey girl she a hoey girl come now
She hoey girl she a hoey girl biddy bye bye
She hoey girl she a come and go biddy bye bye
She coming girl, na na she a coming by
Dis is kind of girl that a wear a lot of gold
She wear a lot of make up and a heart that's full of coal
Dis is kind of girly wit da braids in her hair
She's kinda girly got the medusa braids in her hair
She go, medusa now
She look like medusa hey
Look like medusa now
Look like medusa hey
She like medusa ha
She like medusa hey
She like medusa now
She like medusa hey

This one a different stylee boy... come now, come now
Murder... murder... come follow me

Come sucky sucky bitch bend down uh
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down oh
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down uh
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down
Wet as strawberries
Got me a girly
Made her bend down and I bust the cherry
She threw a Heineken bottle at me
I said bitch you better not try me
I'll buck you down with this 9 millimeter
But instead I'll bust you down with this black peter
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down oh
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down uh
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down
Come sucky sucky bitch bend down

Me gone clear bwoy... Skywalker Luke Bwoy come mashit up bwoy
Mashitup breakitdown now!

Dis one for the dimestore rockers who like to rubadub
Me like to rubadub me like to rubadub
Me like to rubadub me like to rubadub
M-p-p punani - m-p-p punani
Me like punani me like punani
(mumbling gibberish)
Me like the bunny me like punani
Me like punani me like punani
Big belly mama
(mumbling gibberish)
Me like punani... nani

Me have one specialty cat for the one chinese ganja weed
Shoot em up po po po po po...

I'm a johnny trippy about to go off
By showin' the rude boy's I ain't soft
Pass the duchee give I a collection
Break it on down with the bone man protection

Break it down, break it down, break it down
Leg bown connected to the shoulder bones
And the shoulder bone connected to the spine bone
Said the spine bone connected to your hip bone
Yes hip bone connected to your dick bone
It's the holiest of bones
Say woman come suck this bone I said uh

We come clean once again, 2 live crew

Fresh Kid Ice, Brother Marquis, and Luke Skywalker
And the fresh DJ Mista Mixx gone clear boyee 89 boyee
Buck buck buck
Shake it up mon... rock as you go
We outta here.. .strictly rockaz boyee!!!