[HOOK: Calvin Crabtree]

My mind it feels so right girl, When I'm with you
Not feeling nicer, When I'm with you
Your love it gets me high girl, When I'm with you
Damn girl its exciting, When I'm with you (x 1)

[Verse 1: Calvin Crabtree]

She my girl. (Been down for years.)
Stuck by my side when I lost my peers. (Always there, A supportive hand.)
It puts pain in my heart thinking back how I used to do her
{ [Just a confused boy headed down the wrong path.]
(My parents died when I was young.)
[Had no guidance.....
No true plan in my life, But she was always there to make it all right
It felt OK to cry.]
(She used to take me by the hand we'd go on walks
Shed just talk with her soothing voice, Starring at me in my eyes.)
[It felt so nice.] }
Id make plans,.. Mostly just to break them. (Couldn't get away from the streets and the pain in my life.)
I was so goofy cause she could just take it all away
I'm just surprised shes still here to this day
I know she truly loves me, At least some one is watching out for me

[HOOK: Calvin Crabtree]

My mind it feels so right girl, When I'm with you
Not feeling nicer, When I'm with you
Your love it gets me high girl, When I'm with you
Damn girl its exciting, When I'm with you (x 1)

[Verse 2: Calvin Crabtree]

When I felt I was at world end she took me in, Not to mother me but to be my wifey!
(Lost in my childish ways.)
Didn't know that's what she wanted. (but that's what we've become.)
If it wasn't for her id be in the slums
She ain't no gold digger looking for money
Just a girl that understands and truly loves me
That's hard to find. A woman with heart
Lucky I met her in my youth. We've grown together. Gonna get old together
Ain't nothing no better than this girl by my side
Know many people who tried,... But they can't find it
I tell them it just comes. It don't go
Don't worry about them fakes, Stick with the right one and it will pay off bro
And to my girl, I just want to let you know I love you, Thanks

[HOOK: Calvin Crabtree]

My mind it feels so right girl, When I'm with you
Not feeling nicer, When I'm with you
Your love it gets me high girl, When I'm with you
Damn girl its exciting, When I'm with you (x 3)