[Intro]
"Yo Enuff, cut that. Shut that shit down! Yo, put that joint on."
"Big, what you doing?"
"Sometimes you gotta rise above it, sometimes you gotta step on in."
"Don't sing that song, man."
"I got to. Yo, check it out. This industry will turn your best friends into your worst enemies. Pac warned me, but I didn't believe him. This song was made months a go. He probably won't believe me. Maybe nobody will. But frankly, I don't give a fuck. Drop that joint, DJ Enuff."

[Verse 1]

Yeah let's just get this clear, turn me up
I'm not talking my little dream chaser artists
Y'all do your thing
Continue to do your thing

Young rival bands ain't no more
Gave you a spot
Me and Jihad co-signed you
Gillie and Cass made you pop
Chris, Peedi and Neef helped your cred in the street
Charlie Mack put you on, Cosmic Kev made you hot
Everybody got a gun, you just got caught with one
And got your wrist locked, came home acting like some big shot
What? These nuts and this cock, for real
Quickly made you slip off, thank God for Rick Ross
But I'm glad that you made it myself
You had to look at you in the mirror, I know that you hated yourself
No bread no leaf nigga totally broke
Looking like a smoker, Whatcha bout to cop me some coke nigga
I mean for real though, Know this shit for real though
I know we ain't like this, But we keeping it real though
Y'all was in the same, We was 1-60 cooping
Slam dunking on the broads, We was alley-opping
Should've seen your face, You were sick to your stomach
Cause I was fucking on that bitch that you wanted
I understand, dumb young man
Young man make the money, money don't make the young man
You see I get love, From every hustler every thug
You used to run around, And swept me inside every club
Come on Meek ask my nigga Chub can't respect it
Chase around E class to get me on a record
R.I.P little Snupe, I know you on the loop now
Just hope it ain't the loophole when they poking your poophole
Ow I turn your dreams into nightmares
Fucking Freddy Krueger right here
I'm a problem for a problem
By the way DC2 probably should've been your Album
When they talk future legends, You ain't even in the column
My hood name C4 got a bomb
Tired of his acting, never clever repetitive....
If it was me or Kendrick Lemar
Dropping albums the same day we both would've went platinum
And I don't really care to know
Just hope you ain't sell your soul to barely go Gold
Went from a humble broke nigga to a clown with money
That's what happens when you put never hads around some money
Tragic little stunt on twitter I found it funny
Smoked and laughed at it and decided snap at it
You're like my son, I'm ashamed of you
Shitted on real niggers who went and created a lane for you
Admit it right to yourself
And I was thought to take light from those who wanna take light from themselves
Free Ab ,abnormally morning high, show you not
Your ball hop from meat ball...to Cyssero
Murdered you on your own song on a
This is lyrical auto shot, man down call the cops
Rap about your money and your whips go ahead
Go ahead rap about your honeys and your wrist go ahead
Well God damn, if Kanye was my man
I had a million bulks, I would've gave him 5 grand
That the story you really telling
Ain't you me, what story you really selling
Get the fuck out of dodge, get the fuck out of here
That's the fucking molly talking, you can't fuck with a god
Got my poker face on and I'm bluffing yo cards
Can't see me but think you can, I'm a fucking mirage
Nigga, never ever you win forever you lose
Whenever you decide to sleep on me forever you snooze
Gracefully bow out all this pride..
See why pretty boys flow way better than you

Come on man please you can't keep it with the half speed
Practice on you like my speed bang
Dirty like my man Reed
This ain't even the land slide this is sink hole
For your whole career to drop
Try me if you don't think so
Meek Mill chill, Youa kid to this
Just chill Meek Mill
I do it big for this

[Verse 2]

Hold up wait a minute
Y'all thought I was finished?
Talking all that gangsta shit on Twitter
That's a gimmick
I ain't hearing them threats Meek
Niggers bout they business
Seen the right to your eyeballs
I know I make you chill it
Nigga I know no bitching
I ain't the one to come this week
Riding around with them killers
...sliding around my side of town
That file out in them villas
Who you think you're scaring?
Listen you ain't scary
Everywhere I be at ain't nobody scaring me
Put that on my peep
You don't cut no fair in me
Nigga use a girl box make the world...
Remember me, they gonna remember me
For turning they favorite MC into a memory
This nigga talking fine yeah that's a..
I have 50 dudes, 100 all center piece

See I'm the one here, before I even finish
They compare me to ASAP, J Cole and Kendrick Lamar
Nice grill on the wheel see identical the car
All beef get slaughtered like I live on the farm
Me no gangsta, just know when to do gangsta shit
And run with gangsters that will get gangsta shit
Spike bottle full of drank to sip
Chop my style chop my..
But I fuck around with them fuck arounds
Might fuck around and get fucked around
Nigga fuck around with no hope
Niggers come bust you down with no chop
And I hate that them haters hate me
Lock me in a room with two chicks and let them rape me
Spit like they taught me go hell about this
Body wrappers and hip hop fans and
Thank me nigga
You can thank me now should I wait?
I wait, I wait I wait
Thank me later I drink
And I'mma thank God I'm still alive and living
Cross me live with your head like a child's crib
Bang, my whole fam eat this feast
Don't know how to say no easy street
Easy duff running through this crazy shit
So I call game like let me hold your Jesus piece
Your homey down cause he wrong
Lil nigga peace hard
Shine like a blood diamond, be star
Fuck fame, I wanna see stomachs getting fed
So I body these niggers, one to the head

Tell me what is gonna be
This ain't what you want
Call it how I see it so
This ain't what you want
I'm on the road
Doing shows somewhere
This ain't what you want
Here's the road you can go I know
This ain't what you want
I hear a nigga a believer
This ain't what you want
And I guarantee this ain't what you want
Out from the little and I reckon this ain't what you want
I rub'em up and I got cause
This ain't what you want