[Intro: Bust Down, Mike, & Cody]
Yo, what's up Ice Mike?
What's up? I'm chillin' out recordin', watchin' these bitches
What's up Cody?
What's up ho?
Ayy, bruh, I'm chillin' like, ayy, you heard about ya boy last week? I seen him at the mall kissin' his bitch in the mouth. She be suckin' this nigga dick
That nigga be trickin'
Ayy, bruh, I'm sayin', baby you can't be mad at him
What you got in that?
Ayy, buddy, I ain't got nothin' tell her, bruh 'cause that ain't nothin' for me and nothin' to be gettin' into, bruh
But the other night she called me on the phone
What's that?
I'm tellin' ya, but I had nothin' to tell her... you know what I called her, bruh?
What you call her
Straight up, she might have got offended but straight up I did everything and called that ho a...

[Chorus]
Nasty bitch
Don't come at me talkin' that shit
Nasty bitch
Get on your knees and do that lick, bitch
Nasty bitch
You want money? No, I'm not a trick
Nasty bitch
You know you can't take this dick

[Verse 1]
Ayo Ice Mike, bust this
Well let me tell ya this story about this braud
A motherfuckin dyke, bull dank, a rock smokin' dog
Triple X rated, vulgar and explicit
I'm talkin' bout da bitch I call hot twat Bridget
Walkin round town, spread my legs
For any paid motherfucker that wanna get laid
She's a plocka, docka, plecka, recka made out of skin
She knocked at my door so I said come in
Her nipples was erected, her twat was hot
Just as I came back she was on my jock
Now this was suicide, I couldn't deny
But this ho could give me one hell of a ride
She put on her night gown, got in the bed
Her throat was so deep she swallowed my head
She started to choke, when I unleased my load
Cum was drippin' out of her noise all ova her clothes
Cum was shootin all around the room
A drop hit her so hard it gave the bitch a bullet wound
She opened her legs, raised her gown
I was lucky I could swim cause I almost drained
I didn't have a rubber, so instead
I fuck the bitch with my naked head
But then she turned me ova, and started to ride me
She rode me like a horse I said who Kemosabe?
I started gettin' wild, her chain couldn't hold me
I fucked her from the back and she hollered like a coyote
The hour's gettin' wild, she started to push
But after this night she'd have to take a good dutch
I must admit, this was one hell of a women
Her pussy hole smelled like sour cream and onion
But once I got start, there was no stoppin
I hit rock bottom and the pussy started fartin'
Woke up the next morning with a cruk in my dick
Walk in the bathroom and she was takin' a shit
I said hurry up when ya done whappin ya ass
I'ma fuck ya again so buy ya pussy a cast
She walked in the room with a frown on her face
She was limpin, her pussy was stretched out of shape
She asked me to take it easy, her pussy was numb
I said you act like a dog so I'm fuck ya like one

[Chorus]
Nasty bitch
Don't come at me talkin' that shit
Nasty bitch
Get on your knees and do that lick, bitch
Nasty bitch
You want money? No, I'm not a trick
Nasty bitch
You know you can't take this dick

[Verse 2]
Ayo Cody, watch this
Now here's another, example of a no good freak
To keep her name confidential lets call her Monique
Now she was the type, that was always shyk
Walkin round like she was too cute to get pipped
I said yeah, my name is Bust Down straight and direct
I'm already paid so keep ya welfare check
And if ya say ya gotta man, well that ain't shit
You can be his main thang and you can be my BITCH!
She came ova, before she could front
I said get ya ho and don't you stunt
And if ya sittin there thinkin that you can hit me with ya whip appeal
I ain't baby face bitch I got dick appeal
She laid down, grabbed me by my waste
Got freaky and asked me to piss in head face
She asked one time, I took a leak
Cause could give a motherfuck about a broke ass freak
She went to suckin' my asshole, it felt so great
I farted in her mouth and made her cheeks inflate
She asked me to eat the pussy, started to smile
I said you got all wrong ho that ain't my style
I turned her ova, she couldn't take this dick
While I was fuckin her I said you gon' respect me bitch!
The next day I told the boys, I got in that ass
I kicked her out my fuckin house and made her felt like trash
The moral to the story, its simple and plain
For every man there's a bitch is if you got game
If you ever meat a freak that you the play
Tell em hoes Bust Down told ya to say

[Bridge]
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)
Nasty (Bitch!)

[Chorus]
Nasty bitch
Don't come at me talkin' that shit
Nasty bitch
Get on your knees and do that lick, bitch
Nasty bitch
You want money? No, I'm not a trick
Nasty bitch
You know you can't take this dick

[Verse 3]
Ayo Greg, bust this
Now here's another story, of a girl I met last week
A nasty bitch and a stone bone freak
Now she was fine, shink, and good to go
Now sit back and let me tell you all about this ho
Now when I first met the freak, she was actin' legit
My home boys told me she could suck a mean dick!
I walked up to her, I showed her a rock
I said you can have it if you lick my cock
So we went behind building, I gave her the dope
Then I slammed this dick to the back of her throat
She was workin' it, she was jerkin' it
And when I shot my nut say what she went a slurpin it
Now this bitch, was smoother than soap
But her breath smelled just like spoiled milk
She went to choke, she couldn't take this dick
But I didn't give a fuck I tried to kill that bitch
When she was done, I had nothin' to say
I gave her the bubble and I was on my way
The next night at the club, I had to dis
Cause she walked up to me and asked fo a kiss
I said

Yoooooooouuuuuu
You wants to kiss meeeeeeee
But I'll knock you out the box
Cause I know you suck dicks fo rocks
SAY BABY YOOOOOUUUUU!!!!
You wanna kiss meeee
But I'll knock you out the box
Cause I know you suck dick fo rocks

You stankin' funky nasty triflin bitch YOU!!!