"There's a deep warning in the past if we study history, of taking this approach. That power, the nature of power, is that if you use your power unjustly, that you bring down your own downfall. It is inherent in that it's * ? *, and you see it again and again in history

Another interesting thing about the Romans, is that during their period of rule, the most dangerous rebellions and insurrections were lead by people that had been trained by the Romans themselves, and this is what they call a modern... the CIA calls this Blowback. It's the unforeseen consequences of a covert activity, of state policy, Blowback."

[Captial D]
The bold leadership took a swift action
They killed some Afghani's with a knee-jerk reaction
Bush said we had to manufacture and send bombs
You don't, to keep the people's focus off of Enron
The recession and that stolen election
Sleazy Senators who can't control their erections, but
We the victims responding to aggression and
You blind to history repeating former lessons
Skin-deep analysis fails to see the cancer
Missile defence and Star Wars ain't the answer
Tainted immigrants regardless of innocence
And meanwhile arming my side to raise tenements, yo
No doubt, 9-11 was a tragedy
But 9-10 still ain't ancient history
Come on, nobody said a word about Managua man
You fighting terrorism's not what *nigga rhyming want ?*
But we've been bombing folk
Murdering and arming folk
Not distinguishing the soldier from the common folk
Stole America, colonised Asia
Raped Africa, stole Australia
And now they *pimped ?* them at ease in South America
Western civ is mass hysteria, but
That's the modern world that they never teach you in your history texts
A bit more complex, than, honest Abe and Washington's cherry tree
And wanna speak upon the slaves or the Cherokee
Statue of Liberty is really * ? * and rusted
Talking peace but they scared to face justice
I love Mrs America but hate her flaws
Of the adversity, diversity and stable laws
But stable laws with no equality solidifies oppression
As we trade our morality for the guise of legality
The * impregnable ?* status-quo makes a brother sporadical
Men behaving like animals got our morals unravelling
While they try to keep the rabble in line
Battered and blind, dabbling in wine, battered and divine signs
Travelling in time the same present we find
Too many brothers of mine, cut down in our prime
Malcom, Martin, Huey P, could be you and me
* ? unsure what's said here ? * if they caught a man
My father taught the kid be a man protect your family, but
What if my family was all of humanity
Beyond these national boundaries and tribalism
Religions based on racism, hate and division
Ancient wisdom getting twisted in the name of a clan
Or a man, we can't see we share the same family tree
That's deep, since I don't act * sleep ? *
Or play the back seat, now I'm the black sheep, peep
We entered as a stranger and returning as a stranger
So shalom to the strangers, who fear no danger
I hang on black stone, face the black stone
Built with former black stones
Crash domes and uncover the facts of Blowback

"So, the point is that, this type of violence that has come back to haunt this country is a result, of what their own hands have wrought. Now that is a painful thing to deal with. This is a monster we spawned ourselves, one of the heads of the CIA, and that's a direct quote from the book the "New Jackals", it's him, this is a monster we spawned ourselves."