Excerpt taken from video

Kim (Wife): The 10 commandments says always keep the muzzle pointed in a safe direction. Treat every firearm as if it were loaded. Always keep the action open except when actually hunting or preparing to shoot.

Question: Can you see the light at all?

Michael Barber (MB): I can see light, yes. It's got a flashlight down here, which I would not obviously need, but it would be handy for Kim if she ever wanted it I guess.

MB: If I needed to fire this, um, I mean, you know I can hear where people are, OK, so I just simply point and shoot.

Wife: So if someone was breaking and entering into your home and there was danger and imminent fear, at least we would have this option.

We have passed a safety course that's actually been established by the state of Iowa, and Mike has a certification for that. We also plan on getting some experience on the range.

Question: Have you ever been convicted in any court of a felony or other crime for which which the judge could have imprisoned you for more than 1 year even if you received a shorter sentence including probation?

MB: Nope.

Wife: We have absolutely no concerns, he has passed the safety training and as I said we are going to go to the range and do more practice. I was raised on a farm, so we'll show him how to handle weapons with care and you know there are a lot of other people out there that I'd be more afraid of and having a gun in their possession than my husband.

Bass Pro Shops Manager, Altoona: It's a new one for us. We've been open for a little over 4 years and this has never happened before.

Question: What was your first reaction, first thought?

Manager: I thought it was pretty cool. Everyone has the 2nd amendment right to purchase and bear firearms, and so thought, whatever we can do to accommodate him, we'll do our best.

MB: I'm willing to test the waters. I'm willing to test the limits of the law, you know, to see how it goes. I can tell you for instance that if there was a car available now on the market that a person could drive - a blind guy can drive - I'd try it.

MB: I think that a blind person, just like anybody else in society should get to know the different things that are available in society. I just think this person needs to think this through and understand that owning a gun, I think it's a right, and I think it's something we should avail ourselves of if we can.